---
layout: post
title: "Privacy Guides Fund Committee Minutes from 2025-12-02"
date: 2025-12-02
author: jonaharagon
---

## Attendance

**Present:** Jonah Aragon, Freddy, Olivia

**Absent:** Niek de Wilde, Daniel Gray

Justin Ehrenhofer (Magic Grants President) joined meeting as non-voting advisor. This meeting was convened via video conference on Signal.

## Agenda

1. Jonah: Buffer social media
2. Merch shop updates
3. Holiday pay

## Buffer

We have been using Buffer for social media scheduling and management for a month, which overall has been a positive experience. Jonah proposes continuing to use Buffer for the foreseeable future, with a monthly cost of $54.

**Affirmative votes (3):**

- Freddy
- Olivia
- Jonah

## Merch shop

We discussed promoting privacy-advocacy merchandise in more videos on an ongoing basis. Merch has primarily been a marketing tool rather than a revenue source, but it has generated some revenue so far. We have plans to do merch giveaways to notable people in the privacy community in the near future.

## Holiday pay

We discussed the expected workload and pay for full-time staff during the holiday season. The consensus was to cover days off for December 24th, 25th, and January 1st. We also will allow reduced workload for video production staff on December 26th and January 2nd where they would only be expected to do the *This Week in Privacy* weekly livestream, and could take the rest of the day off. If any of the team would prefer to skip the show on those days or take any additional days off we would approve time-off requests from paid hours they've accrued.
