---
layout: post
title: "Privacy Guides Fund Committee Minutes from 2026-01-06"
date: 2026-01-06
author: jonaharagon
---

## Attendance

**Present:** Jonah Aragon, Freddy, Olivia, Niek de Wilde

**Absent:** Daniel Gray

Justin Ehrenhofer (Magic Grants President) joined meeting as non-voting advisor. This meeting was convened via video conference on Signal.

## Agenda

1. Merch shop updates
2. Video channel plans
3. News briefs section
4. Employee compensation
5. Signal chats
6. [POSSE](https://indieweb.org/POSSE)
7. Eliminate team shared email

## Merch

We discussed future design ideas for merch shop products based on design templates and stock images from our Canva Pro subscription and other licensable artwork.

## Video Updates

We discussed our planned video lineup from January to April.

## News

We discussed paying current news volunteers on a per-article basis to continue publishing news briefs, and voted on an annual maximum budget of approximately $19,000 for news articles. We noted readers need to know what to expect based on what section they're in, Articles vs. News.

**Affirmative votes (4):**

- Niek
- Freddy
- Olivia
- Jonah

## Employee compensation

We discussed employee compensation.

## Team/Staff Signal Meetings

We changed our regular video call schedule to reduce potential distractions outside our regular all-team meetings.

## POSSE

We discussed making our paid memberships available on other platforms we'd cross-post to. We tentatively approved some platforms we want to support, Jonah will work on a concept and share details in a future meeting.

## Team email

We decided to eliminate the shared team inbox and replace it with an auto-reply directing people to post publicly to the forum, with the goal to significantly limit the number of private discussions people are having with staff and volunteers that are consuming too much time.

## MuckRock

We created a MuckRock organization to file FOIA requests under.

## Next Meeting

We tentatively planned to meet again within the next 2 weeks to discuss additional topics.
