---
layout: post
title: "Privacy Guides Fund Committee Minutes from 2026-01-19"
date: 2026-01-19
author: jonaharagon
---

## Attendance

**Present:** Jonah Aragon, Freddy, Olivia, Daniel Gray

**Absent:** Niek de Wilde

Justin Ehrenhofer (Magic Grants President) joined meeting as non-voting advisor. This meeting was convened via video conference on Signal.

## Agenda

1. Committee elections
2. StreamYard
3. Feburary meeting

## Committee Elections

Jonah proposed a tentative plan to expand this committee from 5 to 7 seats, 6 of which would be elected with 2 year term limits: 3 seats for active, non-paid contributors to the privacyguides.org open-source project on GitHub, and 3 seats for active, non-paid members of our community (potentially restricted to Discourse Trust Level 2 and higher users).

The remaining seat would be permanently designated for the program director role holder to represent the interests of Privacy Guides paid contributors on the committee.

If this proposal goes into effect, we will appoint three current committee members to 1-year terms, and one current committee member to a 2-year term. Then, we would hold an election for the 2 remaining seats on 2-year terms. Therefore, the current terms would be staggered so that 3 of the 6 seats are re-elected on a yearly basis. There would be no maximum number of terms a committee member is allowed to serve.

We discussed a need to consider eligibility rules for nominees to eliminate anyone who might have a corporate/professional/personal interest in swaying Privacy Guides in their self-interest, and to prevent people who have been paid in the past or who reasonably expect to be paid by Privacy Guides in the future from being eligible for these 6 seats. The specifics of all of this will be discussed at our next meeting.

Olivia proposed an alternative plan which would restrict some or all committee seats to Privacy Guides team members. Freddy and Daniel supported Jonah's proposal over this one.

The vote on Jonah's proposed plan was tabled until the next meeting, so nothing is placed into effect.

## StreamYard

Jonah requested reimbursement for up to $850 over the next 12 months to purchase StreamYard, which is now being used for the podcast and for recording interviews and other videos. Their solution would save us considerable time compared to the free OBS and vdo.ninja setup we were using, and we explored and eliminated alternatives which were significantly more expensive.

**Affirmative votes (4):**

- Freddy
- Olivia
- Daniel
- Jonah

## February Meeting

We agreed to meet in approximately 2–3 weeks for our next meeting, Jonah will send a Timeful invite. Our next meeting will primarily include the vote on expanding this committee and creating an election process. Freddy moved to end this meeting, Jonah seconded.
