---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-03-20"
date: 2022-03-20
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Vik, Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, Csilla

### Fundraising Mechanisms

It is important to streamline the donation process, notably with monthly donations which can automatically process. MAGIC is currently working on a system, yet Deverick also has proposals on how to manage this, in order to create a smooth flow for incoming funds. Further discussion on t-shirts occurred as well.

### Presence at Monerotopia

Monerotopia is an upcoming Monero conference where multiple Monero Fund committee members will be attending. Accordingly, we are interested in having a presence there to meet our goals established in the previous meeting. We would ideally be able to have a table and banner in order to represent our group and goals.
