---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-02-20"
date: 2022-02-20
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick

### Secure handling of documents

With our recent first grant application, we were asked to maintain a file revealing the applicant's encryption. To this end, we ensured we had a method to distribute encrypted documents between committee members and pledged to briefly go over the handling of such documents with every member.

### External review of grant applications

The ability to consult groups, such as the Monero Research Lab, for feedback on grant applications was discussed. It was agreed that we should absolutely seek review from educated parties on grants, with the importance of the committee being the ability to vote to fund grants, not a status of being perfect experts in all matters.

### Donation addresses

It was agreed to initially post donation addresses for BTC, ETH, and XMR. While an email address has always been available to coordinate donations, that doesn't represent a private nor immediately simple system, hence the decision to post select addresses. Since a reason MAGIC Grants has value is the ability to receive tax deductions on donations, the email is still expected to be used frequently, also coordinating donations in other cryptocurrencies. The coins selected were believed to represent what most donations would be in, starting a targeted, effective list without risking confusion nor overwhelming potential donators. 
