---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-05-31"
date: 2022-05-31
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Vik, Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, Csila

### Grant application

The MAGIC Monero Fund did finish its application for organizational funding in the previous meeting, which was successfully submitted and is currently pending.

### Reusable Marketing Materials

Designs are underway for brochures usable at a variety of events, along with a banner which we can bring with us. These should promote Monero and the MAGIC Monero Fund while being a long term cost-effective option. Immediately upcoming is MoneroKon, which we do have a lightning talk at.

### Donation Processing and Multisig Auditing

Work on a donation processor continues. With sufficient planning having been done, the decision was made to officially reach out to RINO to work on coordinating an audit. This continues our previously stated committment to ensuring Monero's security via audits. Beyond contributing our own funds to the task, we can offer tax deductible options for the community as a whole and help review candidates.

We are also considering being listed on Gitcoin, or having MAGIC itself be listed on Gitcoin, to raise awareness through there.
