---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-11-15"
date: 2022-11-15
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, Csila, monerobull

### Supporting MoneroKon

MAGIC and MoneroKon are discussing if MAGIC would be able to successfully handle their USD flow, and the MAGIC Monero Fund specifically discussed it. Given monerobull's role in organizing MoneroKon, and how some committee members may apply to speak, we deemed the conflict of interest concerns to be quite severe. It'd be optimal for MAGIC to handle it, not the MAGIC Monero Fund, if MoneroKon does want such assistance.

### Fund Custody

Given the recent failure of many centralized organizations, we re-discussed how funds are secured and considered alternative options, including ones premised on multisig.

### New Fundraising Site

We finished planning the deployment of the new fundraising site which should be live by the next meeting. It will go live at https://MoneroFund.org.
