---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-10-18"
date: 2022-10-18
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, monerobull

### Grant Application from a Monero Fork

A Monero fork requested a grant for their payment services, which was considering pivoting to focus on Monero. We discussed it and considered the grant application out-of-scope given the existence of another cryptocurrency. The applicant is welcome to re-apply for any Monero-specific development however.

### BTCPay/OpenSats

The security of the OpenSats server was reviewed and confirmed. Further design and functionality discussions were had, creating a list of tasks which needed to be completed in order to achieve deployment.
