---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-03-13"
date: 2022-03-13
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, Csilla

### Marketing and Fundraising

Having voted on the Monero Fund's first grant, this meeting primarily discussed ways to raise awareness and interact with the community, which would also increase our budget to offer further grants with. Donation incentives such as flairs on the /r/Monero subreddit were considered a possibility, though it would require moderator approval. Distributing items such as t-shirts could also work to increase funds.

Beyond community awareness, awareness by potential grant recipients is key. There are grant databases MAGIC can achieve inclusion in which the Monero Fund would be able to post about specific topics of research we're looking for work in. Reaching out to various universities and groups could also enable us to be present on relevant newsletters and boards, achieving an informational reach to all students in a field.
