---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-10-11"
date: 2022-10-11
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, Csila, monerobull

### BTCPay/OpenSats

We've set a goal of having OpenSats ready by next week to handle donations. Rucknium has put forth work on getting an instance set up and making sure it meets our needs. Deverick helped set up BTCPay server, and Kayaba will provide a review of the server's security. Most of this meeting was spent reviewing the current work and handling miscellaneous tasks around it.
