---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2022-07-12"
date: 2022-07-12
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, Csila

### MAGIC Membership

MAGIC launched a membership program, enabling regular donators to claim perks. We specifically offer a flair on the r/Monero subreddit to those who donate to the MAGIC Monero Fund.

### Molly.im

We once again discussed Molly.im, specifically, whether or nor we should proactively ask them to submit a grant application to complete their existing CCS proposal. While we do not want to be a bailout fund for CCS proposals which were unable to successfully manage funding, we acknowledge the tremendous bear market, along with the CCS's pains with funding, and Molly.im has yet to claim any milestone, absolving them of such mismanagement. We committed to ask the Monero community for their thoughts, before we make our own decision.

### Commitee Funds

The committee is unable to sign off on any expenditures, however small. We have to either pay for items out of pocket, or request MAGIC cover expenses. As we discussed graphic design work, this note came up, which felt counterproductive. Other similar organizations have noted such issues in the past themselves, and it may be worth requesting an amendment to the Fund documents accordingly.
