---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2023-02-14"
date: 2023-02-14
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull, artlimber

### Prior Discussed Grant

Of the members present, we unanimously voted "No" on the grant mentioned last week. We did not believe it was sufficiently relevant to Monero, nor that it had the structure needed to succeed.

### Grant Request for Workshops/Research

We received a grant request to fund workshops at universities and unspecified research papers. We have inquired for more information in order to determine what exactly the research would be, and determine their connections to academic institutions.
