---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2023-05-23"
date: 2023-05-23
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull, artlimber

### Overseer Research

We unanimously voted to offer to host fundraising for the proposal to study the implications of the Overseer attack, additionally providing a 13,000 USD grant. This leaves the amount needing fundraising to roughly 20,000 USD. We hope this research will lead to notable improvements to our understanding of Monero's privacy, letting it be improved to further protect users.

### Molly

Molly moved forward with a CCS, yet had a remaining question for MAGIC we discussed, eventually routing to the correct parties.
