---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2023-10-03"
date: 2023-10-03
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull, artlimber, kowalabearhugs

### Upcoming Grant Update

The university we've been in discussions with for months has privately shared a new draft of their upcoming grant proposal. It has intents not only to improve Monero's privacy, yet also to establish more interest by researchers/connections with researchers. We discussed the technical details as we could've, reviewing prior Monero community discussions.

### Infrastructure Updates

Since we moved to a self-custodial system with BTCPay, we do have the view keys for the wallet we receive donations to. We discussed if there's privacy implications to their publication on the donators side, and will vote next meeting. We also intend to update the BTCPay server used.
