---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2023-01-10"
date: 2023-01-10
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, monerobull

### mj-xmr's Grant for Reduction of Statistical Attack Risk

We previously voted to host fundraising for mj-xmr's work. The fundraising has completed its allotted time, and unfortunately, failed to raise the necessary funds. With Rucknium abstaining, the other members in attendance unanimously voted to cancel the fundraise. 

### Operational discussions

With the upcoming rotation of members, retiring the access of current members who will no longer be present was discussed. The main focus was on our active websites, with further discussions on their continued maintenance.

### Parting commentary and feedback from Deverick

Deverick shared his opinion on the prior year, aiming to help give us focus for the upcoming year. Not only did they empasize greater outreach to researchers and developers, yet also helping them get involved with Monero in the first place. Our current list of research topics requires prior awareness in order to understand them. Ideally, we'd provide context and further explanations to encourage parties to pick up said topics.
