---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2023-05-16"
date: 2023-05-16
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull

### Overseer Research

We reviewed the proposal to study the implications of the Overseer attack, along with feedback from statisticians within the Monero community. We have decided to ask the proposer to respond to the feedback in question to see how it will be incorporated.

### MoneroKon

MAGIC is planning to raise awareness at MoneroKon. While a Monero Fund committee member is also giving a lightning talk, we discussed how we want to be involved with MAGIC's planning.
