---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2023-01-17"
date: 2023-01-17
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, Deverick, monerobull

### Newsletter

In our final meeting, we agreed to publish our newsletter as a summary of our past year. It has been updated to cover all of our funded proposals, and further cover the goals we've previously set. It will be published to the Monero subreddit and over email, not any additional platforms at this time.

### Summary

We also summarized the things we were proud of over the past year, and things we hoped to improve upon over the next year. The community members who are continuing into the next year hope to refocus upon these to ensure we best establish ourselves.
