---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2024-07-23"
date: 2024-07-23
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull, koalabearhugs, artlimber

### Proposal from Paga

We voted on the proposal from Paga to integrate Monero into their invoice service. With a lack of positive community sentiment and with consideration to the grant amount, the committee unanimously voted no.

### Discussion on Future Proposals

We discussed some topics which could lead to future proposals and associated methods of funding.
