---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2024-04-16"
date: 2024-04-16
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull, kowalabearhugs

### Solve4Monero

We received a grant application from Solve4Monero, publicized [here](https://github.com/MAGICGrants/Monero-Fund/issues/28). We decided to reach out, acknowledging our recipience, while soliciting more info from the submitter and the Monero community.

### Update from vtnerd

vtnerd, a grant receipient, posted an [update](https://github.com/MAGICGrants/Monero-Fund/issues/27) on their work. We appreciate their development and look forward to its continuance.
