---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2024-07-09"
date: 2024-07-09
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: Rucknium, Kayaba, monerobull, kowalabearhugs

### Update from vtnerd

vtnerd posted an [update](https://github.com/MAGICGrants/Monero-Fund/issues/31) on their work.

### xmrtoken

We received an [application](https://github.com/MAGICGrants/Monero-Fund/issues/30) to fund the development of a hybrid project, combining Monero and Aptos. rbrunner7, as an individual, commented on the application. All members present voted to decline the application due to the lack of specification and clarity, along with the question of relevancy.

### Paga

We received an [application](https://github.com/MAGICGrants/Monero-Fund/issues/32) to fund the integration of Monero into a payment processor. We had initial considerations on the budget and nature of the task.
