---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2025-03-13"
date: 2025-03-13
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: kowalabearhugs, rottenwheel, XMRfamily, xmrack, Justin

### Committee member resignation 

fractal_rector/tacolopo submitted their resignation to committee and to the MAGIC board. We discussed this resignation and how it will affect voting procedure. It is expected that a special election to fill the position will occur in the coming month(s). 

Until the member position is filled the committee will continue to require at least 3 votes to approve grant disbursements and investment decisions. A committee quorum continues to requires at least 3 committee members to be present.

### Discussion of the [Metronero](https://github.com/MAGICGrants/Monero-Fund/issues/41) proposal

The committee continued to discuss the Metronero proposal along with brainstorming the primary questions and concerns for the upcoming Matrix call with the proposers. Feedback voiced during the discussion can be summarized as follows:

* Concerns about utility; who are the target merchants, what, if any, is their feedback, and a path to broader adoption.

* Plans for maintaining, both the codebase and financially, Metronero following a potential successful completion of the proposal. 

The committee made note of some other merchant options in the space, namely the BTCPay Server + Monero plugin, and the challenges and shortcomings associated with them. The committee also briefly discussed previous Monero community funded merchants solutions that have failed to gain traction.  

Committee members agreed will hold a special meeting on Thursday, March 20th @ 21:00 UTC to conduct a final discussion and vote on the the proposal. 

### Monero Codebase Security Audit & Fuzzing proposal

The committee began to discuss a new proposal directed at auditing Monero RPC (Remote Procedure Call) communications channels. 

The committee has outstanding questions and concerns regarding the lack of a cost breakdown or a summary of the number of hours. 

Given the cost and broad scope of the proposal the committee agreed that member xmrack respond with a much more narrow scope to soliciting solely the writing of the fuzzing harnesses for a testing framework. 

### Soliciting Proposals

The committee discussed incorporating a model for soliciting proposals. Justin provided feedback as to how the MAGIC board has previously dealt with solicitations from auditors and other vendors. The committee appeared amicable to continue forward with the soliciting of proposals.

