---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2025-04-24"
date: 2025-04-24
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: kowalabearhugs, xmrack, rottenwheel, justin

### Proposal discussion : Commitment Service - HTLC support for Monero Trading proposal

The committee continued to discuss the proposal for a Commitment Service for Hash Time Lock Contracts to support XMR p2p trading. Project developments since the previous committee discussion warrant the submission of a revised and updated proposal as both the budget and scope have changed. xmrack will continue to be in contact with the proposer regarding said re-submission.

The committee reached consensus to hold vote on this proposal during the next meeting. 

### Updates on the solicitation of proposals for RPC fuzzing

xmrack reached out 11 security firms and made social media posts soliciting proposals for the RPC fuzzing work. 

The committee has Friday, April 25th, calls scheduled with Mayhem Security and Ada Logics regarding proposal submissions. Monero developer Justin Berman will be joining both calls to provide technical feedback. 

### Discussion regarding becoming an [EFF ally](tttps://allies.eff.org/ )

The committee has concerns regarding the benefit of ally-ship. A potential blocker is the need to hold periodic meetups. 

kowalabearhugs will reach out to the team at the [Privacy Guides](https://www.privacyguides.org/en/about/#contact-us) Fund to start building a working relationship that could potentially lead to collaborations such as meetups.

### Discuss merchandise: apparel

Justin informed the committee that the Privacy Guides team is looking for designer to assist with asset creation, merchandise, etc. The committee was receptive to working together the the MAGIC proper and the Privacy Guides fund to secure said services. 

Per the MoneroFund website integration with Prestashop and Printful the committee will procure apparel samples of direct-to-garmet (DTG) and direct-to-film (DTF) produced products. Justin provided feedback that embroidered merchandise from Printful was of good quality. The committee continues to explore merchandise options. 