---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2025-05-08"
date: 2025-05-08
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: kowalabearhugs, xmrack

### Updates and discussion on the solicitation of proposals for monerod RPC fuzzing

We briefly discussed the current state of the RPC fuzzing proposals with Statements of Work currently submitted by Mayhem Security and Ada Logics. 

A meeting with Trail of Bits is scheduled for Monday, May 12th. 

The topic was tabled with the committee intending to meet Thursday, May 15 for potential final discussion and a vote for moving forward with the work. 

### Update on the Commitment Service - HTLC support for Monero Trading proposal

xmrack informed the committee that the proposer was alerted to a vulnerability in the current design. The proposer intendeds to reassess and re-submit a proposal at a later day. The committee looks forward to a revised proposal.

### Privacy Guide collaboration (EFF Allies related)

kowalabearhugs reached out to the Privacy Guides team regarding a collaborative approach to an EFF Allies membership or other mutually beneficial work. 

Privacy Guides is interested in working with the Monero Fund to provide a platform content including the publication of guest articles and educational content or through the MMF directly sponsoring specific Monero-related videos or articles. 

###  Merchandise update

The committee has placed a sample order to judge the quality of Printful's DTG and DTF offerings. kowalabearhugs will provide imagery and an assessment at a future meeting.

kowalabearhugs will begin to reach out to designers regarding possible graphic work for apparel. 

### Monerotopia Hackathon payout

The committee briefly discussed the Monerotopia Hackathon payout request. We had consensus to maintain an amicable relationship with all involved parties. We feel this topic requires more discussion and will revisit it during the next meeting. 