---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2025-04-10"
date: 2025-04-11
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: kowalabearhugs, XMRfamily, xmrack, Justin, rottenwheel

### Update on the Security Audit & Fuzzing Proposal

In response to xmrack's follow-up regarding a more narrow scope the proposers inquired as to a feasibility of a 50k USD proposal. xmrack informed them that, historically, successful proposals have been in the range of 10-20k USD.
		
The committee has no plans for more forward with the proposal as-is, but the door remains open for a revised submission. 

Monero RPC (Remote Procedure Call) communications channels security remains an interest to the committee and the committee will continue to solicit proposals.

Follow-up call with security audit & fuzzing proposal with a good organization to be shared soon.

### HTLC Proposal

The committee will reassess after a final voice call in the near future.

### Open committee position / Special election

The MAGIC Board said they will begin the steps for the special election. 
We briefly discussed recruiting candidates for the empty position.
On hold for the time being.

### Blockchain Association

We discussed XMRfamily's proposal for a MAGIC Monero membership in the Blockchain Association, a 501c6 lobby group in the United States.

Concerns this would attempt to address include ensuring there is broad understanding of Monero and related privacy tools as they relate to the financial services sector.

The Monero Policy Working Group was referenced as a related coalition that previously worked in this space. 

The committee and MAGIC Board were receptive to the idea of gaining a formal voice and dialogue with regulatory bodies, policy makers, and other association members. 

On hold for now, till next meeting.

### Fundraising through merchandise

The committee continued to discuss vendors and merchandise options for inclusion in a MAGIC Grants online shop. Shirts, hooded sweatshirts, and potentially, stickers and key chains were mentioned as primary items. There is consensus for developing a limited range of apparel.

No major updates yet.
