---
layout: post
title: "Monero Fund Committee Minutes from 2025-03-27"
date: 2025-03-27
author: magicmonerofund
---

### Present: kowalabearhugs, XMRfamily, xmrack, Justin, John, rottenwheel

### Update on the Security Audit & Fuzzing Proposal

In response to xmrack's follow-up regarding a more narrow scope the proposers inquired as to a feasibility of a 50k USD proposal. xmrack informed them that, historically, successful proposals have been in the range of 10-20k USD.

The committee has no plans for more forward with the proposal as-is, but the door remains open for a revised submission. 

Monero RPC (Remote Procedure Call) communications channels security remains an interest to the committee and the committee will continue to solicit proposals.

### HTLC Proposal

The committee began discussing the issues that this proposal aims to address. Committee concerns relate to the long-term viability (given the potential for a Monero hard-fork & FCMP ++ implementation) and overall usage as it dovetails with a marketing component and the available liquidity for such a swaps market.

xmrack will follow-up with the proposer.

### Open committee position / Special election

The MAGIC Board said they will begin the steps for the special election. 
We briefly discussed recruiting candidates for the empty position.

### Blockchain Association

We discussed XMRfamily's proposal for a MAGIC Monero membership in the Blockchain Association, a 501c6 lobby group in the United States.

Concerns this would attempt to address include ensuring there is broad understanding of Monero and related privacy tools as they relate to the financial services sector.

The Monero Policy Working Group was referenced as a related coalition that previously worked in this space. 

The committee and MAGIC Board were receptive to the idea of gaining a formal voice and dialogue with regulatory bodies, policy makers, and other association members. 

XMRfamily is handling initial communications with the association.

### Bounties program from Monero Fund

XMRfamily brooched the potential for a bounties program operated by the Monero Fund. 

### XMRfamily appearance on MoneroTalk

Briefly brainstormed some additional Monero Fund related discussion topics for XMRfamily's appearance on MoneroTalk

### Fundraising through merchandise

The committee continued to discuss vendors and merchandise options for inclusion in a MAGIC Grants online shop. Shirts, hooded sweatshirts, and potentially, stickers and key chains were mentioned as primary items. There is consensus for developing a limited range of apparel. 